Slide 1

I will tell you about my Spring Boot project. The main idea of project was to split it in 2 particular independent
applications, one providing business-logics and DB operations, second providing UI.

Slide 2 (Used technologies)

Those are technologies used in project. I used IDEA with Java 15, Tomcat (Spring Boot embedded) and maven.
Project was built on Spring Boot. For front-end HTML, CSS with Thymeleaf and Bootstrap,
for back-end Spring MVC and Spring Jdbc were used. SLF4J tool was used for logging.
If to talk about DB, embedded one were used (H2, SQL relational database). Swagger provided the api for rest operations
and JUnit and Mockito were used for testing.

Slide 3 (Project structure and architecture)

There are shown project architecture, so the first module is providing client-friendly UI and second is providing
data. Both apps are completely independent and are called web-app and rest-app. They both have classes marked as with
@SpringBootApplication annotation where the main method is situated. They are also deployed on different ports,
8080 for web-app and 8088 for rest-app.

Slide 4 (Database structure)

The database structure is very easy. There are just 2 tables with one foreign key and one-to-many relationship.

Slide 5 (WEB-app)

If to talk about web-app, there is shown that every needed operation and every CRUD operation can be performed throught UI.
Every action has its button. If action requires incoming data, app provides a submit form for it with all needed fields.

Slide 6 (Rest-app and its API)

In case of rest-app its has only rest controllers so there are only data output deployed. To connect 2 applications
there are some API provided using swagger. It can be visualized through swagger UI. That also makes rest-app module
friendly for further usages with other applications, not web-app only. Also we can research for how good is module working
and if it returns required data.

Slide 7 (DAO and database)

As it was already said, H2 embedded were used as a database. Its configuration file is situated in project structure.
Database is operated with Spring Jdbc. It performs all of the create, read, update and delete operations to
the Player and Team tables and also have a query to find the most popular player nationality in each team.
Database is recreated everytime project restarted.



